
--- AgriTwin-Sim_An_Interactive_Digital_Twin_Framework_for_AI-Driven_Smart_Farming.pdf ---
AgriTwin-Sim: An Interactive Digital Twin
Framework for AI-Driven Smart Farming
Yassine Ben-Aboud*, Abdellatif Kobbane*
∗ENSIAS, Mohammed V University in Rabat, Morocco
Emails: {yassine.benaboud, abdellatif.kobbane}@ensias.um5.ac.ma
Abstract—Modern agriculture faces unprecedented challenges
requiring innovative solutions for enhanced productivity and
sustainability. Digital Twins (DTs), coupled with Artificial In-
telligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IoT), offer a trans-
formative paradigm for creating dynamic virtual replicas of
agricultural systems. This paper introduces an advanced inter-
active web-based Digital Twin framework designed to bridge
the gap between virtual sensor data and intelligent, actionable
insights for smart farming. The framework integrates a high-
fidelity simulation core, encompassing sophisticated mathematical
models for environmental dynamics and plant biophysiology, with
a robust AI engine capable of complex analysis, prediction, and
decision support. Simulated data from a virtual sensor network
feeds the DT, enabling the AI to perform real-time assessments,
identify anomalies, predict future states, and recommend opti-
mized management actions. The entire system is exposed through
an intuitive and visually rich web interface that facilitates
interactive exploration, scenario analysis, and direct visualization
of the DT’s evolution and the AI’s reasoning. We demonstrate
the framework’s architecture, the formal underpinnings of its
key compo
--- AI-Powered_Predictive_Maintenance_System_for_Smart_Agriculture_Using_IoT_and_Cloud_Computing.pdf ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
AI-Powered Predictive Maintenance System for Smart 
Agriculture Using IoT and Cloud Computing 
Arockia Shermila S  
Artificial Intelligence and Data Science  
St.Joseph’s Institute of Technology  
Chennai, India 
sharmishar47@gmail.com 
 Arockia Franciska W 
Artificial Intelligence and Data Science  
St.Joseph’s Institute of Technology  
Chennai, India 
wfranciska01@gmail.com 
  J Gold Beulah Patturose  
Artificial Intelligence and Data Science  
St.Joseph’s Institute of Technology  
Chennai, India 
beulahpattu@gmail.com 
R Priscilla 
Artificial Intelligence and Data Science  
St.Joseph’s Institute of Technology  
Chennai, India 
prisci.christa@gmail.com 
 
Abstract: Digital technology has significantly influenced 
proactive farm equipment maintenance. This intelligent 
farm maintenance system revolves around the predictive 
maintenance of farm technology like tractors and 
irrigation pumps with the help of IoT sensors. Equipment 
condition is analyzed with real-time evaluation and 
operational parameters are continuously collected and 
transferred to the cloud using Azure IoT Hub. Data is 
stored, processed, and visualized here with the help of 
Azure Services in combination with Microsoft Azure ML. 
The AI is able to analyze the data using time-series 
forecasting and anomaly detection so that it can forecast 
mechanical 
failures. 
Anticipating 
mechanical 
and 
operational problems before they arise avoids unexpected 
maintenance, saves money, and decreases th
--- A_Cloud-IoT_Framework_for_Smart_Farming_and_Sustainable_Agri-Food_Management.pdf ---
A Cloud-IoT Framework for Smart Farming and 
Sustainable Agri-Food Management 
 
1st Harish Reddy Gantla, 
Asso Proff. Dept. of CSE, 
Vignan Inst of Tech. and Science,  
India  
harsha.rex@gmail.com 
 
2nd  Manvi Sharma,  
Post Doctoral Fellow, Dept .of E C, 
IET. Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalya, 
Indore, India 
drmanvisharma1786@gmail.com 
 
3rd Dr Anusha Preetham, 
Asso. Proff. Dept. of CSE, 
Dayananad Sagar College of 
Engineering, India  
anusharao-cs@dayanandasagar.edu 
 
4th Dr. Pooja Nayak S,  
Asso. Proff. Dept. of ISE,  
Dayananda Sagar Acad. of Tech. and 
Manag. India 
pooja-ise@dsatm.edu.in 
 
5th Dr. Udit Mamodiya, 
Associate Professor, ,  
FET, Poornima University, 
Jaipur, Rajasthan, India  
assoc.dean_research@poornima.edu.in 
 
6th Dr Rakesh Dani, 
Professor, Dept.  of HM 
Graphic Era Deemed to be University,  
India  
rakeshdani@geu.ac.in
 
      
Abstract- Smart farming signifies a revolution in the sphere of 
agriculture, combining the data-based intelligence with the use 
of resources sustainably. The old farming system that is limited 
by fragmented sensing and poor interoperability cannot 
change dynamically to the climate variability and diverse soils. 
The current IoT-based platforms are not yet capable of 
providing low-latency analytics, safe interoperability, and 
cross-domain 
data 
incorporation 
among 
heterogeneous 
gadgets. To overcome such difficulties, this paper presents a 
Cloud-IoT Framework of Smart Farming and Sustainable 
Agri-Food 
Manageme
--- A_smart_agricultural_model_by_integrating_IoT_mobile_and_cloud-based_big_data_analytics.pdf ---
A Smart Agricultural Model by Integrating IoT, 
Mobile and Cloud-based Big Data Analytics 
S. RAJESWARI 
Research Scholar, 
Department of Computer 
Applications, 
Kalasalingam University, 
Krishnankoil, Srivilliputtur, 
Tamilnadu, India. 
s.rajeswari30@gmail.com
K. SUTHENDRAN 
Associate Professor, 
Department of Information 
Technology, 
Kalasalingam University, 
Krishnankoil, Srivilliputtur, 
Tamilnadu, India. 
k.suthendran@klu.ac.in
K. RAJAKUMAR 
Associate Professor, 
Department of Information 
Technology, 
Kalasalingam University, 
Krishnankoil, Srivilliputtur, 
Tamilnadu, India. 
rajakumarkk@gmail.com 
Abstract—Nowadays, the traditional database paradigm does 
not have enough storage for the data produced by Internet of 
Things (IoT) devices leads to the need of cloud storage.  These 
data’s are analyzed with the help of Big Data mining techniques. 
Cloud based big data analytics and the IoT technology performs 
an important role in the feasibility study of smart agriculture. 
Smart or precision agricultural systems are estimated to play an 
essential role in improving agriculture activities. Mobile device 
usage is very common by everyone, including the farmers. In that, 
in the daily life of farmers the Information and Communication 
Technologies (ICT) play a vital role to get the agricultural 
Information. The IoT has various applications in Digital 
Agriculture domain like monitoring the crop growth, selection of 
the fertilizer, irrigation decision support system, et
--- Conceptual framework for Smart 4.0 Hydroponic.pdf ---
Proc. of the International Conference on Electrical, Computer, Communications and Mechatronics Engineering (ICECCME 2025)  
16-19 October 2025, Zanzibar, Tanzania 
979-8-3315-3556-8/25/$31.00 ©2025 IEEE 
Conceptual framework for Smart 4.0 Hydroponic 
Farming: A Data-Driven Approach to Sustainable 
Agriculture 
Federico Briatore  
 DIME 
 University of Genoa 
 Genoa, Italy 
federico.briatore@edu.unige.it 
Stefano Marchesi 
DIME 
Genoa, Italy 
S4814395@studenti.unige.it 
Tsega Y. Melesse 
Tsega Y. Melesse
DIMCM 
University of Cagliari 
Cagliari, Italy 
tsegayenew.melesse@unica.it 
Simone Arena 
DIMCM 
University of Cagliari 
Cagliari, Italy 
simone.arena@unica.it 
Mattia Braggio 
DIMCM 
University of Cagliari 
Cagliari, Italy 
mattia.braggio@unica.it 
Abstract— Purpose. Global population growth leads to 
increasing food demand. Hydroponics farming is a resource-
efficient solution to eliminate soil dependency. The research 
focuses on integrating IoT sensors, Machine Learning (ML) and 
Big Data Analytics into a fully automated, self-regulating 
agricultural ecosystem to maximize crop yield, resource efficiency 
and sustainability. Method. After an extensive literature review to 
analyse the ideal environmental conditions and the latest smart 
agriculture 
technologies, 
the 
framework 
was 
developed 
integrating I4.0. Finally, the benefits have been evaluated. 
Findings. IoT for continuous real-time monitoring ensures precise 
control over nutrient delivery, water usage and en
--- Digital Twins in Architecture.pdf ---
Digital Twins in Agriculture: Orchestration and Applications
Marc Escribà-Gelonch,* Shu Liang, Pieter van Schalkwyk, Ian Fisk, Nguyen Van Duc Long,
and Volker Hessel*
Cite This: J. Agric. Food Chem. 2024, 72, 10737−10752
Read Online
ACCESS
Metrics & More
Article Recommendations
ABSTRACT: Digital Twins have emerged as an outstanding opportunity for precision farming, digitally replicating in real-time the
functionalities of objects and plants. A virtual replica of the crop, including key agronomic development aspects such as irrigation,
optimal fertilization strategies, and pest management, can support decision-making and a step change in farm management,
increasing overall sustainability and direct water, fertilizer, and pesticide savings. In this review, Digital Twin technology is critically
reviewed and framed in the context of recent advances in precision agriculture and Agriculture 4.0. The review is organized for each
step of agricultural lifecycle, edaphic, phytotechnologic, postharvest, and farm infrastructure, with supporting case studies
demonstrating direct benefits for agriculture production and supply chain considering both benefits and limitations of such an
approach. Challenges and limitations are disclosed regarding the complexity of managing such an amount of data and a multitude of
(often) simultaneous operations and supports.
KEYWORDS: Digital Twins, Internet of Things, precise agriculture, agriculture 4.0, Industry 4.0
1. INTRODUCTION
The rise of the world
--- the-livestock-farming-digital-transformation-implementation-of-new-and-emerging-technologies-using-artificial-intelligence.pdf ---
Animal Health Research
Reviews
cambridge.org/ahr
Review
Cite this article: Fuentes S, Gonzalez Viejo C,
Tongson E, Dunshea FR (2022). The livestock
farming digital transformation:
implementation of new and emerging
technologies using artificial intelligence.
Animal Health Research Reviews 23, 59–71.
https://doi.org/10.1017/S1466252321000177
Received: 5 June 2021
Revised: 29 July 2021
Accepted: 16 November 2021
First published online: 9 June 2022
Key words:
Animal welfare; biometrics; computer vision;
deep learning; machine learning
Author for correspondence:
Sigfredo Fuentes,
E-mail: sigfredo.fuentes@unimelb.edu.au
© The Author(s), 2022. Published by
Cambridge University Press. This is an Open
Access article, distributed under the terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution licence
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/),
which permits unrestricted re-use, distribution
and reproduction, provided the original article
is properly cited.
The livestock farming digital transformation:
implementation of new and emerging
technologies using artificial intelligence
Sigfredo Fuentes1
, Claudia Gonzalez Viejo1
, Eden Tongson1
and Frank R. Dunshea1,2
1Digital Agriculture, Food and Wine Sciences Group, School of Agriculture and Food, Faculty of Veterinary and
Agricultural Sciences, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3010, Australia and 2Faculty of Biological
Sciences, The University of Leeds, Leeds LS2 9JT, UK
Abstract
Livestock welfare assessment helps monitor animal health 